Recovery and Join snapshot ledger offset fix (#7901)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

- JSON parsing can now reject inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds a certain value, defaulting to 64 levels and overridable per call site via `ccf::parse_json_safe`'s `max_depth` parameter (#7896).

### Fixed

> - Fixed recovery and node joins from a snapshot when the local ledger ends at or before the snapshot seqno, so subsequent recovery writes resume from the snapshot boundary (#7901).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nodes started in recovery or join mode from a snapshot more recent than the latest ledger file now correctly resume writing from the snapshot boundary (#7901).
```
